Add Migration guides to v1.0.0 (#51)
atolab/zenoh-web: content/docs/migration_1.0/Pico.md

- Zenoh 0.11.x

```c
char *value = "Some data to publish on Zenoh";

z_put_options_t options = z_put_options_default();
z_owned_bytes_map_t map = z_bytes_map_new();
z_bytes_map_insert_by_alias(&map, _z_bytes_wrap((uint8_t *)"test", 2), _z_bytes_wrap((uint8_t *)"attachement", 5));
options.attachment = z_bytes_map_as_attachment(&map);

if (z_put(z_loan(session), z_keyexpr(ke), (const uint8_t *)value, strlen(value), NULL) < 0) {
    return -1;
}

if (z_put(z_loan(s), z_keyexpr(keyexpr), (const uint8_t *)value, strlen(value), &options) < 0) {
    return -1;
}

z_bytes_map_drop(&map);
```

- Zenoh 1.0.0

```c

char *value = "Some data to publish on Zenoh";
z_owned_bytes_t payload;
z_bytes_serialize_from_str(&payload, value);

// It's up to the user to create the item serializer function
z_publisher_put_options_t options;
z_publisher_put_options_default(&options);
z_owned_bytes_t attachment;
z_bytes_serialize_from_iter(&attachment, create_attachment_iter, (void *)&ctx);
options.attachment = z_move(attachment);

if (z_put(z_loan(session), z_loan(ke), z_move(payload), &options) < 0) {
  return -1;
}
```

## Encoding

> How encoding is handled has been reworked:  While before you would use an enum id and a value, now you simply need to register your encoding metadata from a string with `z_encoding_from_str`. 

Reviewer: A list of constant should also be defined and provided. To double check this is the case for both `zenoh-c` and `zenoh-pico`.

Author: Pico provides a list of encoding constants in an enum. 
@Mallets 
Do you want that i add that list of 21 variants to the guide itself ?

Author: Added a link in Pico to the Enum variants

> We have a set of constants to do some wire-level optimization. To use this, you need your string should follow the format: "<constant>;<optional additional data>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have a set of constants to do some wire-level optimization. To leverage this, your string needs to follow the format: "<constant>;<optional additional data>"
```

- Zenoh 0.11.x

```c
char *value = "Some data to publish on Zenoh";
z_put_options_t options = z_put_options_default();
options.encoding = z_encoding(Z_ENCODING_PREFIX_TEXT_PLAIN, "utf8");

if (z_put(z_loan(session), z_keyexpr(ke), (const uint8_t *)value, strlen(value), &options) < 0) {
    return -1;
}
```

- Zenoh 1.0.0

```c
char *value = "Some data to publish on Zenoh";
z_owned_bytes_t payload;
z_bytes_serialize_from_str(&payload, value);

z_publisher_put_options_t options;
z_publisher_put_options_default(&options);
z_encoding_from_str(&encoding, "text/plain;utf8");
options.encoding = z_move(encoding);

if (z_put(z_loan(session), z_loan(ke), z_move(payload), &options) < 0) {
  return -1;
}
```

## Timestamps

We now tie generating a timestamp to a Zenoh session, with the timestamp inheriting the `ZenohID` of the session.

- Zenoh 0.11.x

```c
// Didn't exist in pico
```

- Zenoh 1.0.0

```c
z_timestamp_t ts;
z_timestamp_new(&ts, z_loan(s));
options.timestamp = &ts;
z_publisher_put(z_loan(pub), z_move(payload), &options);
```

## Pull subscribers / channels

> Pull subscribers were removed and is replaced by FIFO or ring buffers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pull subscribers were removed and are replaced by FIFO or ring buffers.
```

## Interests

> We have added interests to the protocol. This allows a few things:

Reviewer 2: Code examples like with the others sections would be nice

Author: @jean-roland Could we add an example here ?

Reviewer 3: Alright but there is no api-level code, it's a protocol optimisation thing.

> - Replay missed pubs to a late-joining node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replay missed pubs to a late-joining node.
```
